menu "Common Features"

config DEBUG
	bool "Enable Debug"
	default n
	help
	Generate executable file for debug

config DEBUG_INFO
	bool "Compile With Debug Info"
	default y
	help
	choosing this option will pass "-g" to your compiler, debug information
	should be added into final elf file.

config LOCALVERSION
	string "Local version - append to ZSBL release"
	help
	  Append an extra string to the end of your ZSBL version.
	  This will show up in your boot log, for example.
	  The string you set here will be appended after the contents of
	  any files with a filename matching localversion* in your
	  object and source tree, in that order.  Your total string can
	  be a maximum of 64 characters.

config LOCALVERSION_AUTO
	bool "Automatically append version information to the version string"
	default y
	help
	  This will try to automatically determine if the current tree is a
	  release tree by looking for Git tags that belong to the current
	  top of tree revision.

	  A string of the format -gxxxxxxxx will be added to the localversion
	  if a Git-based tree is found.  The string generated by this will be
	  appended after any matching localversion* files, and after the value
	  set in CONFIG_LOCALVERSION.

	  (The actual string used here is the first eight characters produced
	  by running the command:

	    $ git rev-parse --verify HEAD

	  which is done within the script "scripts/setlocalversion".)

choice
	prompt "Compiler Optimization Level"
	default CC_OPTIMIZE_FOR_PERFORMANCE

config CC_OPTIMIZE_NONE
	bool "Optimize Nothing (-O0)"
	help
	choosing this option will pass "-O0" to your compiler. compiler should
	not optimize your program. this is for debug purpose. eg. using gdb
	
config CC_OPTIMIZE_FOR_PERFORMANCE
	bool "Optimize for Performance (-O2)"
	help
	this is the default optimization level, building
	with the "-O2" compiler flag for best performance and most
	helpful compile-time warnings.

config CC_OPTIMIZE_FOR_PERFORMANCE_O3
	bool "Optimize More for Performance (-O3)"
	help
	choosing this option will pass "-O3" to your compiler,
	yet more for performance.

config CC_OPTIMIZE_FOR_SIZE
	bool "Optimize for Size (-Os)"
	help
	choosing this option will pass "-Os" to your compiler resulting
	in a smaller executable file.

endchoice

config LIBS
	string "External Library File"
	help
	external library, seperated by space. put static library full name here.
	eg. foo/bar/libsome-lib.a

config MMIO
	bool "IO Safty Memory Operations"
	default n
	help
	normally memset, memcpy and memmove assume memory regions are normal
	memory, unaligned access is allowed. but for ram that mapped as device
	memory by mmu, unaligned access is not allowed. memory access to those
	regions are strictly aligned to natural boundary. enable this, if you
	want access such regions using normal memset, memcpy or memmove. it
	may speedup operations in most conditions.

config MULTI_THREAD
	bool "Multi Thread"
	default n
	help
	support multi thread.

endmenu
